[DOC-563] Docs for voyager v1.8.6 (#25082)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/migrate/assess-migration.md

- **Performance metrics:** Analyzes workload characteristics to recommend optimizations in YugabyteDB.
- **Migration time estimate:** Provides an estimated time for data import into YugabyteDB based on experimental data.
- **Unsupported query constructs:** Identifies SQL features and constructs not supported by YugabyteDB, such as advisory locks, system columns, and XML functions, and provides a list of queries containing these constructs.
- **Unsupported PL/pgSQL objects:** Identifies SQL features and constructs that are not supported by YugabyteDB, such as advisory locks, system columns, and XML functions, within PL/pgSQL objects in the source schema. It reports the individual queries within these objects that are not supported, such as queries in the PL/pgSQL block for functions and procedures, or the select statements in views and materialized views that contain unsupported constructs.

> {{< warning title="Note" >}}

Reviewer: I find calling a warning a note a bit contradictory. A more descriptive title would help. None of these bullets seem 'warning' worthy tbh. I think this could be a regular paragraph, with intro
"When running migration assessment, keep in mind the following:"

- The recommendations are based on testing using a [RF3](../../../architecture/docdb-replication/replication/#replication-factor) YugabyteDB cluster on instance types with 4GiB memory per core and running v2024.1.

> - For unsupported query construct detection, ensure the [pg_stat_statements extension](../../../explore/ysql-language-features/pg-extensions/extension-pgstatstatements/) is properly installed and enabled on source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To detect unsupported query constructs, ensure the [pg_stat_statements extension](../../../explore/ysql-language-features/pg-extensions/extension-pgstatstatements/) is properly installed and enabled on source.
```

> - To disable unsupported query construct feature, set the environment variable `REPORT_UNSUPPORTED_QUERY_CONSTRUCTS=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To disable unsupported query construct detection, set the environment variable `REPORT_UNSUPPORTED_QUERY_CONSTRUCTS=false`.
```

> - To disable unsupported query construct feature, set the environment variable `REPORT_UNSUPPORTED_QUERY_CONSTRUCTS=false`.

Reviewer: Is there any reason why you would disable these?

> - To disable unsupported PL/pgSQL objects feature, set the environment variable `REPORT_UNSUPPORTED_PLPGSQL_OBJECTS=false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To disable unsupported PL/pgSQL object detection, set the environment variable `REPORT_UNSUPPORTED_PLPGSQL_OBJECTS=false`.
```
